
--- PAGE 1 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
HIGHLIGHTS OF PRESCRIBING INFORMATION 
These highlights do not include all the information needed to use 
HUMIRA safely and effectively. See full prescribing information for 
HUMIRA. 
HUMIRA® (adalimumab) injection, for subcutaneous use 
Initial U.S. Approval: 2002 
WARNING: SERIOUS INFECTIONS AND MALIGNANCY 
See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning. 
SERIOUS INFECTIONS (5.1, 6.1): 
•  Increased risk of serious infections leading to hospitalization or 
death, including tuberculosis (TB), bacterial sepsis, invasive 
fungal infections (such as histoplasmosis), and infections due to 
other opportunistic pathogens. 
•  Discontinue HUMIRA if a patient develops a serious infection or 
sepsis during treatment. 
•  Perform test for latent TB; if positive, start treatment for TB 
prior to starting HUMIRA. 
•  Monitor all patients for active TB during treatment, even if initial 
latent TB test is negative. 
MALIGNANCY (5.2): 
•  Lymphoma and other malignancies, some fatal, have been 
reported in children and adolescent patients treated with TNF 
blockers including HUMIRA. 
•  Post-marketing cases of hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma 
(HSTCL), a rare type of T-cell lymphoma, have occurred in 
adolescent and young adults with inflammatory bowel disease 
treated with TNF blockers including HUMIRA. 
RECENT MAJOR CHANGES 
Indications and Usage, Ulcerative Colitis (1.6) 
2/2021
Dosage and Administration, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic 
Arthritis, and Ankylosing Spondylitis (2.1) 
12/2020
Dosage and Administration, Ulcerative Colitis (2.4) 
2/2021
Dosage and Administration, Hidradenitis Suppurativa (2.6) 
12/2020
INDICATIONS AND USAGE 
HUMIRA is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blocker indicated for: 
•  Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) (1.1): reducing signs and symptoms, inducing 
major clinical response, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and 
improving physical function in adult patients with moderately to severely 
active RA. 
•  Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis (JIA) (1.2): reducing signs and symptoms of 
moderately to severely active polyarticular JIA in patients 2 years of age 
and older. 
•  Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) (1.3): reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting 
the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in 
adult patients with active PsA. 
•  Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) (1.4): reducing signs and symptoms in adult 
patients with active AS. 
•  Crohn’s Disease (CD) (1.5): treatment of moderately to severely active 
Crohn’s disease in adults and pediatric patients 6 years of age and older. 
•  Ulcerative Colitis (UC) (1.6): treatment of moderately to severely active 
ulcerative colitis in adults and pediatric patients 5 years of age and older. 
Limitations of Use: Effectiveness has not been established in patients who 
have lost response to or were intolerant to TNF blockers. 
•  Plaque Psoriasis (Ps) (1.7): treatment of adult patients with moderate to 
severe chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or 
phototherapy, and when other systemic therapies are medically less 
appropriate. 
•  Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) (1.8): treatment of moderate to severe 
hidradenitis suppurativa in patients 12 years of age and older. 
•  Uveitis (UV) (1.9): treatment of non-infectious intermediate, posterior, and 
panuveitis in adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older. 
DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION 
• Administer by subcutaneous injection (2) 
Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis, Ankylosing Spondylitis (2.1): 
•  Adults: 40 mg every other week. 
• Some patients with RA not receiving methotrexate may benefit from 
increasing the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other 
week. 
Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis or Pediatric Uveitis (2.2): 
Pediatric Weight 
2 Years of Age and Older 
Recommended Dosage 
10 kg (22 lbs) to less than 15 kg (33 lbs) 
10 mg every other week 
15 kg (33 lbs) to less than 30 kg (66 lbs) 
20 mg every other week 
30 kg (66 lbs) and greater 
40 mg every other week 
Crohn's Disease (2.3): 
•  Adults: 160 mg on Day 1 (given in one day or split over two consecutive 
days); 80 mg on Day 15; and 40 mg every other week starting on Day 29. 
•  Pediatric Patients 6 Years of Age and Older: 
Pediatric Weight 
Recommended Dosage 
Days 1 and 15 
Starting on Day 29 
17 kg (37 lbs) 
to less than 
40 kg (88 lbs) 
Day 1:  80 mg 
Day 15: 40 mg 
20 mg every other week 
40 kg (88 lbs) 
and greater 
Day 1:  160 mg (single dose or 
split over two consecutive days) 
Day 15:  80 mg 
40 mg every other week 
Ulcerative Colitis (2.4): 
•  Adults: 160 mg on Day 1 (given in one day or split over two consecutive 
days), 80 mg on Day 15 and 40 mg every other week starting on Day 29. 
Discontinue in patients without evidence of clinical remission by eight 
weeks (Day 57). 
•  Pediatric Patients 5 Years of Age and Older: 
Pediatric Weight 
Recommended Dosage 
Days 1 through 15 
Starting on Day 29* 
20 kg (44 lbs) 
to less than 
40 kg (88 lbs) 
Day 1:  80 mg 
Day 8:  40 mg 
Day 15: 40 mg 
40 mg every other week 
or 
20 mg every week 
40 kg (88 lbs) and 
greater 
Day 1: 160 mg (single dose or 
split over two consecutive 
days) 
Day 8: 80 mg 
Day 15: 80 mg 
80 mg every other week 
or 
40 mg every week 
* Continue the recommended pediatric dosage in patients who turn 18 years  
of age and who are well-controlled on their HUMIRA regimen.  
Plaque Psoriasis or Adult Uveitis (2.5): 
•  Adults: 80 mg initial dose, followed by 40 mg every other week starting one 
week after initial dose. 
Hidradenitis Suppurativa (2.6): 
•  Adults: 
o  
Day 1: 160 mg (given in one day or split over two consecutive days) 
o  
Day 15: 80 mg 
o  
Day 29 and subsequent doses: 40 mg every week or 80 mg every  
other week  
•  Adolescents 12 years of age and older: 
Adolescent 
Weight 
Recommended Dosage 
30 kg (66 lbs) 
to less than 
60 kg (132 lbs) 
Day 1: 80 mg 
Day 8 and subsequent doses: 40 mg every other week 
60 kg (132 lbs) 
and greater 
Day 1: 160 mg (given in one day or split over two 
consecutive days) 
Day 15: 80 mg 
Day 29 and subsequent doses: 40 mg every week or 80 
mg every other week 
DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS 
Injection: 
• Single-dose prefilled pen (HUMIRA Pen): 80 mg/0.8 mL, 40 mg/0.8 mL, 
and 40 mg/0.4 mL (3) 
• Single-dose prefilled glass syringe:  80 mg/0.8 mL, 40 mg/0.8 mL, 40 
mg/0.4 mL, 20 mg/0.4 mL, 20 mg/0.2 mL, 10 mg/0.2 mL, 10 mg/0.1 mL 
(3) 
• Single-dose glass vial for institutional use only: 40 mg/0.8 mL (3) 
CONTRAINDICATIONS 
None (4) 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 2 ---
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS 
•  Serious infections: Do not start HUMIRA during an active infection. If an 
infection develops, monitor carefully, and stop HUMIRA if infection 
becomes serious. (5.1) 
•  Invasive fungal infections: For patients who develop a systemic illness on 
HUMIRA, consider empiric antifungal therapy for those who reside or 
travel to regions where mycoses are endemic. (5.1) 
•  Malignancies: Incidence of malignancies was greater in HUMIRA-treated 
patients than in controls (5.2) 
•  Anaphylaxis or serious hypersensitivity reactions may occur (5.3) 
•  Hepatitis B virus reactivation: Monitor HBV carriers during and several 
months after therapy. If reactivation occurs, stop HUMIRA and begin anti­
viral therapy. (5.4) 
•  Demyelinating disease: Exacerbation or new onset, may occur. (5.5) 
•  Cytopenias, pancytopenia: Advise patients to seek immediate medical 
attention if symptoms develop, and consider stopping HUMIRA. (5.6) 
•  Heart failure: Worsening or new onset, may occur. (5.8) 
•  Lupus-like syndrome: Stop HUMIRA if syndrome develops. (5.9) 
ADVERSE REACTIONS 
Most common adverse reactions (>10%) are: infections (e.g. upper 
respiratory, sinusitis), injection site reactions, headache and rash. (6.1) 
To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact AbbVie Inc. 
at 1-800-633-9110 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch 
DRUG INTERACTIONS 
•  Abatacept: Increased risk of serious infection. (5.1, 5.11, 7.2) 
•  Anakinra: Increased risk of serious infection. (5.1, 5.7, 7.2) 
•  Live vaccines: Avoid use with HUMIRA. (5.10, 7.3) 
See 17 for PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION and Medication 
Guide. 
Revised: 2/2021 
FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION: CONTENTS* 
WARNING: SERIOUS INFECTIONS AND MALIGNANCY 
1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE 
1.1 Rheumatoid Arthritis 
1.2 Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis 
1.3 Psoriatic Arthritis 
1.4 Ankylosing Spondylitis 
1.5 Crohn’s Disease 
1.6 Ulcerative Colitis 
1.7 Plaque Psoriasis 
1.8 Hidradenitis Suppurativa 
1.9 Uveitis 
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION 
2.1 Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Ankylosing Spondylitis 
2.2 Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis or Pediatric Uveitis 
2.3 Crohn’s Disease 
2.4  Ulcerative Colitis 
2.5 Plaque Psoriasis or Adult Uveitis 
2.6 Hidradenitis Suppurativa 
2.7 Monitoring to Assess Safety 
2.8 General Considerations for Administration 
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS 
4 CONTRAINDICATIONS 
5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS 
5.1 Serious Infections 
5.2 Malignancies 
5.3 Hypersensitivity Reactions 
5.4 Hepatitis B Virus Reactivation 
5.5 Neurologic Reactions 
5.6 Hematological Reactions 
5.7 Increased Risk of Infection When Used with Anakinra 
5.8 Heart Failure 
5.9 Autoimmunity 
5.10 Immunizations 
5.11 Increased risk of Infection When Used with Abatacept 
6 ADVERSE REACTIONS 
6.1 Clinical Trials Experience 
6.2 Immunogenicity 
6.3 Postmarketing Experience 
7 DRUG INTERACTIONS 
7.1 Methotrexate 
7.2 Biological Products 
7.3 Live Vaccines 
7.4 Cytochrome P450 Substrates 
8 USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS 
8.1 Pregnancy 
8.2 Lactation 
8.4 Pediatric Use 
8.5 Geriatric Use 
10 OVERDOSAGE 
11 DESCRIPTION 
12 CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY 
12.1 Mechanism of Action 
12.2 Pharmacodynamics 
12.3 Pharmacokinetics 
13 NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY 
13.1 Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility 
14 CLINICAL STUDIES 
14.1 Rheumatoid Arthritis 
14.2 Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis 
14.3 Psoriatic Arthritis 
14.4 Ankylosing Spondylitis 
14.5 Adult Crohn’s Disease 
14.6 Pediatric Crohn’s Disease 
14.7 Adult Ulcerative Colitis 
14.8 Pediatric Ulcerative Colitis 
14.9 Plaque Psoriasis 
14.10 Hidradenitis Suppurativa 
14.11 Adult Uveitis 
14.12 Pediatric Uveitis 
15 REFERENCES 
16 HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING 
17 PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION 
*Sections or subsections omitted from the full prescribing information are not 
listed. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION  
WARNING: SERIOUS INFECTIONS AND MALIGNANCY 
SERIOUS INFECTIONS 
Patients treated with HUMIRA are at increased risk for developing serious infections 
that may lead to hospitalization or death [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1)]. Most 
patients who developed these infections were taking concomitant immunosuppressants 
such as methotrexate or corticosteroids. 
Discontinue HUMIRA if a patient develops a serious infection or sepsis. 
Reported infections include: 
•  Active tuberculosis (TB), including reactivation of latent TB. Patients with TB 
have frequently presented with disseminated or extrapulmonary disease. Test 
patients for latent TB before HUMIRA use and during therapy. Initiate 
treatment for latent TB prior to HUMIRA use. 
•  Invasive fungal infections, including histoplasmosis, coccidioidomycosis, 
candidiasis, aspergillosis, blastomycosis, and pneumocystosis. Patients with 
histoplasmosis or other invasive fungal infections may present with disseminated, 
rather than localized, disease. Antigen and antibody testing for histoplasmosis 
may be negative in some patients with active infection. Consider empiric anti-
fungal therapy in patients at risk for invasive fungal infections who develop 
severe systemic illness. 
•  Bacterial, viral and other infections due to opportunistic pathogens, including 
Legionella and Listeria. 
Carefully consider the risks and benefits of treatment with HUMIRA prior to initiating 
therapy in patients with chronic or recurrent infection. 
Monitor patients closely for the development of signs and symptoms of infection during 
and after treatment with HUMIRA, including the possible development of TB in 
patients who tested negative for latent TB infection prior to initiating therapy [see 
Warnings and Precautions (5.1) and Adverse Reactions (6.1)]. 
MALIGNANCY 
Lymphoma and other malignancies, some fatal, have been reported in children and 
adolescent patients treated with TNF blockers including HUMIRA [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.2)]. Post-marketing cases of hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma (HSTCL), a 
rare type of T-cell lymphoma, have been reported in patients treated with TNF blockers 
including HUMIRA. These cases have had a very aggressive disease course and have 
been fatal. The majority of reported TNF blocker cases have occurred in patients with 
Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis and the majority were in adolescent and young adult 
males. Almost all these patients had received treatment with azathioprine or 6­
mercaptopurine (6–MP) concomitantly with a TNF blocker at or prior to diagnosis. It is 
uncertain whether the occurrence of HSTCL is related to use of a TNF blocker or a TNF 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 4 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
blocker in combination with these other immunosuppressants [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.2)]. 
1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE 
1.1 Rheumatoid Arthritis 
HUMIRA is indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing major clinical response, 
inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in adult patients 
with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. HUMIRA can be used alone or in 
combination with methotrexate or other non-biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs 
(DMARDs). 
1.2 Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis 
HUMIRA is indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of moderately to severely active 
polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in patients 2 years of age and older. HUMIRA can be 
used alone or in combination with methotrexate. 
1.3 Psoriatic Arthritis 
HUMIRA is indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural 
damage, and improving physical function in adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis. 
HUMIRA can be used alone or in combination with non-biologic DMARDs. 
1.4 Ankylosing Spondylitis 
HUMIRA is indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in adult patients with active ankylosing 
spondylitis. 
1.5 Crohn’s Disease 
HUMIRA is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease in 
adults and pediatric patients 6 years of age and older. 
1.6 Ulcerative Colitis 
HUMIRA is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in 
adults and pediatric patients 5 years of age and older. 
Limitations of Use 
The effectiveness of HUMIRA has not been established in patients who have lost response to or 
were intolerant to TNF blockers [see Clinical Studies (14.7, 14.8)]. 
1.7 Plaque Psoriasis 
HUMIRA is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque 
psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy, and when other systemic 
therapies are medically less appropriate. HUMIRA should only be administered to patients who 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 5 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
will be closely monitored and have regular follow-up visits with a physician [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5)]. 
1.8 Hidradenitis Suppurativa 
HUMIRA is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa in patients 
12 years of age and older. 
1.9 Uveitis 
HUMIRA is indicated for the treatment of non-infectious intermediate, posterior, and panuveitis 
in adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older. 
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION 
2.1 Rheumatoid Arthritis, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Ankylosing Spondylitis 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis 
(RA), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), or ankylosing spondylitis (AS) is 40 mg administered every other 
week. Methotrexate (MTX), other non-biologic DMARDS, glucocorticoids, nonsteroidal anti-
inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and/or analgesics may be continued during treatment with 
HUMIRA. In the treatment of RA, some patients not taking concomitant MTX may derive 
additional benefit from increasing the dosage of HUMIRA to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every 
other week. 
2.2 Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis or Pediatric Uveitis 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for patients 2 years of age and older with 
polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) or pediatric uveitis is based on weight as shown 
below. MTX, glucocorticoids, NSAIDs, and/or analgesics may be continued during treatment 
with HUMIRA. 
Pediatric Weight 
(2 Years of Age and older) 
Recommended Dosage 
10 kg (22 lbs) to less than 15 kg (33 lbs) 
10 mg every other week 
15 kg (33 lbs) to less than 30 kg (66 lbs) 
20 mg every other week 
30 kg (66 lbs) and greater 
40 mg every other week 
HUMIRA has not been studied in patients with polyarticular JIA or pediatric uveitis less than 2 
years of age or in patients with a weight below 10 kg. 
2.3 Crohn’s Disease 
Adults 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for adult patients with Crohn’s disease 
(CD) is 160 mg initially on Day 1 (given in one day or split over two consecutive days), 
followed by 80 mg two weeks later (Day 15). Two weeks later (Day 29) begin a dosage of 40 mg 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 6 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
every other week. Aminosalicylates and/or corticosteroids may be continued during treatment 
with HUMIRA. Azathioprine, 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP) [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)] 
or MTX may be continued during treatment with HUMIRA if necessary. 
Pediatrics 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for pediatric patients 6 years of age and 
older with Crohn’s disease (CD) is based on body weight as shown below: 
Pediatric Weight 
Recommended Dosage 
Days 1 through 15 
Starting on Day 29 
17 kg (37 lbs) to 
less than 40 kg (88 lbs) 
Day 1: 80 mg 
Day 15: 40 mg 
20 mg every other week 
40 kg (88 lbs) and greater 
Day 1: 160 mg (single dose or split 
over two consecutive days) 
Day 15: 80 mg 
40 mg every other week 
2.4 Ulcerative Colitis 
Adults 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for adult patients with ulcerative colitis is 
160 mg initially on Day 1 (given in one day or split over two consecutive days), followed by 80 
mg two weeks later (Day 15). Two weeks later (Day 29) continue with a dosage of 40 mg every 
other week. 
Discontinue HUMIRA in adult patients without evidence of clinical remission by eight weeks 
(Day 57) of therapy. Aminosalicylates and/or corticosteroids may be continued during treatment 
with HUMIRA. Azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP) [see Warnings and Precautions 
(5.2)] may be continued during treatment with HUMIRA if necessary. 
Pediatrics 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for pediatric patients 5 years of age and 
older with ulcerative colitis is based on body weight as shown below: 
Pediatric Weight 
Recommended Dosage 
Days 1 through 15 
Starting on Day 29* 
20 kg (44 lbs) to 
less than 40 kg (88 lbs) 
Day 1:  80 mg 
Day 8:  40 mg 
Day 15: 40 mg 
40 mg every other week 
or 
20 mg every week 
40 kg (88 lbs) and greater 
Day 1:  160 mg (single dose or 
split over two consecutive days) 
Day 8:  80 mg 
Day 15:  80 mg 
80 mg every other week 
or 
40 mg every week 
* Continue the recommended pediatric dosage in patients who turn 18 years of age and who are well-controlled on 
their HUMIRA regimen. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.5 Plaque Psoriasis or Adult Uveitis 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for adult patients with plaque psoriasis 
(Ps) or Uveitis (UV) is an initial dose of 80 mg, followed by 40 mg given every other week 
starting one week after the initial dose. The use of HUMIRA in moderate to severe chronic Ps 
beyond one year has not been evaluated in controlled clinical studies. 
2.6 Hidradenitis Suppurativa 
Adults 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for adult patients with hidradenitis 
suppurativa (HS) is an initial dose of 160 mg (given in one day or split over two consecutive 
days), followed by 80 mg two weeks later (Day 15). Begin 40 mg weekly or 80 mg every other 
week dosing two weeks later (Day 29). 
Adolescents 
The recommended subcutaneous dosage of HUMIRA for adolescent patients 12 years of age and 
older weighing at least 30 kg with hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is based on body weight as 
shown below [see Use in Specific Populations (8.4) and Clinical Pharmacology (12.3)]: 
Body Weight of Adolescent 
Patients 
(12 years of age and older) 
Recommended Dosage 
30 kg (66 lbs) to less than 60 kg 
(132 lbs) 
• Day 1: 80 mg 
• Day 8 and subsequent doses: 40 mg every other week 
60 kg (132 lbs) and greater 
• Day 1: 160 mg (given in one day or split over two 
consecutive days); 
• Day 15: 80 mg 
• Day 29 and subsequent doses: 40 mg every week or 80 mg 
every other week 
2.7 Monitoring to Assess Safety 
Prior to initiating HUMIRA and periodically during therapy, evaluate patients for active 
tuberculosis and test for latent infection [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1)]. 
2.8 General Considerations for Administration 
HUMIRA is intended for use under the guidance and supervision of a physician. A patient may 
self-inject HUMIRA or a caregiver may inject HUMIRA using either the HUMIRA Pen or 
prefilled syringe if a physician determines that it is appropriate, and with medical follow-up, as 
necessary, after proper training in subcutaneous injection technique. 
HUMIRA can be taken out of the refrigerator for 15 to 30 minutes before injecting to allow the 
liquid to come to room temperature. Do not remove the cap or cover while allowing it to reach 
room temperature. Carefully inspect the solution in the HUMIRA Pen, prefilled syringe, or 
single-dose institutional use vial for particulate matter and discoloration prior to subcutaneous 
administration. If particulates and discolorations are noted, do not use the product. HUMIRA 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 8 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
does not contain preservatives; therefore, discard unused portions of drug remaining from the 
syringe. NOTE: Instruct patients sensitive to latex not to handle the needle cover of the 
HUMIRA 40 mg/0.8 mL Pen and 40 mg/0.8 mL, 20 mg/0.4 mL and 10 mg/0.2 mL prefilled 
syringe because it may contain natural rubber latex [see How Supplied/Storage and Handling 
(16)]. 
Instruct patients using the HUMIRA Pen or prefilled syringe to inject the full amount in the 
syringe, according to the directions provided in the Instructions for Use [see Instructions for 
Use]. 
Injections should occur at separate sites in the thigh or abdomen. Rotate injection sites and do 
not give injections into areas where the skin is tender, bruised, red or hard. 
If a dose is missed, administer the dose as soon as possible. Thereafter, resume dosing at the 
regular scheduled time. 
The HUMIRA single-dose institutional use vial is for administration within an institutional 
setting only, such as a hospital, physician’s office or clinic. Withdraw the dose using a sterile 
needle and syringe and administer promptly by a healthcare provider within an institutional 
setting. Only administer one dose per vial. The vial does not contain preservatives; therefore, 
discard unused portions. 
3 DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS 
HUMIRA is a clear and colorless solution available as: 
•  Pen (HUMIRA Pen)  
Injection: 80 mg/0.8 mL in a single-dose pen.  
Injection: 40 mg/0.8 mL in a single-dose pen.  
Injection: 40 mg/0.4 mL in a single-dose pen.  
•  Prefilled Syringe  
Injection: 80 mg/0.8 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
Injection: 40 mg/0.8 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
Injection: 40 mg/0.4 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
Injection: 20 mg/0.4 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
Injection: 20 mg/0.2 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
Injection: 10 mg/0.2 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
Injection: 10 mg/0.1 mL in a single-dose prefilled glass syringe.  
•  Single-Dose Institutional Use Vial  
Injection: 40 mg/0.8 mL in a single-dose, glass vial for institutional use only.  
4 CONTRAINDICATIONS 
None. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 9 ---
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS 
5.1 Serious Infections 
Patients treated with HUMIRA are at increased risk for developing serious infections involving 
various organ systems and sites that may lead to hospitalization or death. Opportunistic 
infections due to bacterial, mycobacterial, invasive fungal, viral, parasitic, or other opportunistic 
pathogens including aspergillosis, blastomycosis, candidiasis, coccidioidomycosis, 
histoplasmosis, legionellosis, listeriosis, pneumocystosis and tuberculosis have been reported 
with TNF blockers. Patients have frequently presented with disseminated rather than localized 
disease. 
The concomitant use of a TNF blocker and abatacept or anakinra was associated with a higher 
risk of serious infections in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA); therefore, the concomitant 
use of HUMIRA and these biologic products is not recommended in the treatment of patients 
with RA [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7, 5.11) and Drug Interactions (7.2)]. 
Treatment with HUMIRA should not be initiated in patients with an active infection, including 
localized infections. Patients 65 years of age and older, patients with co-morbid conditions 
and/or patients taking concomitant immunosuppressants (such as corticosteroids or 
methotrexate), may be at greater risk of infection. Consider the risks and benefits of treatment 
prior to initiating therapy in patients: 
• with chronic or recurrent infection; 
• who have been exposed to tuberculosis; 
• with a history of an opportunistic infection; 
• who have resided or traveled in areas of endemic tuberculosis or endemic mycoses, such as 
histoplasmosis, coccidioidomycosis, or blastomycosis; or 
• with underlying conditions that may predispose them to infection. 
Tuberculosis 
Cases of reactivation of tuberculosis and new onset tuberculosis infections have been reported in 
patients receiving HUMIRA, including patients who have previously received treatment for 
latent or active tuberculosis. Reports included cases of pulmonary and extrapulmonary (i.e., 
disseminated) tuberculosis. Evaluate patients for tuberculosis risk factors and test for latent 
infection prior to initiating HUMIRA and periodically during therapy. 
Treatment of latent tuberculosis infection prior to therapy with TNF blocking agents has been 
shown to reduce the risk of tuberculosis reactivation during therapy. Prior to initiating HUMIRA, 
assess if treatment for latent tuberculosis is needed; and consider an induration of ≥ 5 mm a 
positive tuberculin skin test result, even for patients previously vaccinated with Bacille Calmette-
Guerin (BCG). 
Consider anti-tuberculosis therapy prior to initiation of HUMIRA in patients with a past history 
of latent or active tuberculosis in whom an adequate course of treatment cannot be confirmed, 
and for patients with a negative test for latent tuberculosis but having risk factors for tuberculosis 
infection. Despite prophylactic treatment for tuberculosis, cases of reactivated tuberculosis have 
occurred in patients treated with HUMIRA. Consultation with a physician with expertise in the 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 10 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
treatment of tuberculosis is recommended to aid in the decision whether initiating anti-
tuberculosis therapy is appropriate for an individual patient. 
Strongly consider tuberculosis in the differential diagnosis in patients who develop a new 
infection during HUMIRA treatment, especially in patients who have previously or recently 
traveled to countries with a high prevalence of tuberculosis, or who have had close contact with a 
person with active tuberculosis. 
Monitoring 
Closely monitor patients for the development of signs and symptoms of infection during and 
after treatment with HUMIRA, including the development of tuberculosis in patients who tested 
negative for latent tuberculosis infection prior to initiating therapy. Tests for latent tuberculosis 
infection may also be falsely negative while on therapy with HUMIRA. 
Discontinue HUMIRA if a patient develops a serious infection or sepsis. For a patient who 
develops a new infection during treatment with HUMIRA, closely monitor them, perform a 
prompt and complete diagnostic workup appropriate for an immunocompromised patient, and 
initiate appropriate antimicrobial therapy. 
Invasive Fungal Infections 
If patients develop a serious systemic illness and they reside or travel in regions where mycoses 
are endemic, consider invasive fungal infection in the differential diagnosis. Antigen and 
antibody testing for histoplasmosis may be negative in some patients with active infection. 
Consider appropriate empiric antifungal therapy, taking into account both the risk for severe 
fungal infection and the risks of antifungal therapy, while a diagnostic workup is being 
performed. To aid in the management of such patients, consider consultation with a physician 
with expertise in the diagnosis and treatment of invasive fungal infections. 
5.2 Malignancies 
Consider the risks and benefits of TNF-blocker treatment including HUMIRA prior to initiating 
therapy in patients with a known malignancy other than a successfully treated non-melanoma 
skin cancer (NMSC) or when considering continuing a TNF blocker in patients who develop a 
malignancy. 
Malignancies in Adults 
In the controlled portions of clinical trials of some TNF-blockers, including HUMIRA, more 
cases of malignancies have been observed among TNF-blocker-treated adult patients compared 
to control-treated adult patients. During the controlled portions of 39 global HUMIRA clinical 
trials in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), ankylosing 
spondylitis (AS), Crohn’s disease (CD), ulcerative colitis (UC), plaque psoriasis (Ps), 
hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) and uveitis (UV), malignancies, other than non-melanoma (basal 
cell and squamous cell) skin cancer, were observed at a rate (95% confidence interval) of 0.7 
(0.48, 1.03) per 100 patient-years among 7973 HUMIRA-treated patients versus a rate of 0.7 
(0.41, 1.17) per 100 patient-years among 4848 control-treated patients (median duration of 
treatment of 4 months for HUMIRA-treated patients and 4 months for control-treated patients). 
In 52 global controlled and uncontrolled clinical trials of HUMIRA in adult patients with RA, 
PsA, AS, CD, UC, Ps, HS and UV, the most frequently observed malignancies, other than 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 11 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
lymphoma and NMSC, were breast, colon, prostate, lung, and melanoma. The malignancies in 
HUMIRA-treated patients in the controlled and uncontrolled portions of the studies were similar 
in type and number to what would be expected in the general U.S. population according to the 
SEER database (adjusted for age, gender, and race).1 
In controlled trials of other TNF blockers in adult patients at higher risk for malignancies (i.e., 
patients with COPD with a significant smoking history and cyclophosphamide-treated patients 
with Wegener’s granulomatosis), a greater portion of malignancies occurred in the TNF blocker 
group compared to the control group. 
Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer 
During the controlled portions of 39 global HUMIRA clinical trials in adult patients with RA, 
PsA, AS, CD, UC, Ps, HS and UV, the rate (95% confidence interval) of NMSC was 0.8 (0.52, 
1.09) per 100 patient-years among HUMIRA-treated patients and 0.2 (0.10, 0.59) per 100 
patient-years among control-treated patients. Examine all patients, and in particular patients with 
a medical history of prior prolonged immunosuppressant therapy or psoriasis patients with a 
history of PUVA treatment for the presence of NMSC prior to and during treatment with 
HUMIRA. 
Lymphoma and Leukemia 
In the controlled portions of clinical trials of all the TNF-blockers in adults, more cases of 
lymphoma have been observed among TNF-blocker-treated patients compared to control-treated 
patients. In the controlled portions of 39 global HUMIRA clinical trials in adult patients with 
RA, PsA, AS, CD, UC, Ps, HS and UV, 2 lymphomas occurred among 7973 HUMIRA-treated 
patients versus 1 among 4848 control-treated patients. In 52 global controlled and uncontrolled 
clinical trials of HUMIRA in adult patients with RA, PsA, AS, CD, UC, Ps, HS and UV with a 
median duration of approximately 0.7 years, including 24,605 patients and over 40,215 patient-
years of HUMIRA, the observed rate of lymphomas was approximately 0.11 per 100 patient-
years. This is approximately 3-fold higher than expected in the general U.S. population 
according to the SEER database (adjusted for age, gender, and race).1 Rates of lymphoma in 
clinical trials of HUMIRA cannot be compared to rates of lymphoma in clinical trials of other 
TNF blockers and may not predict the rates observed in a broader patient population. Patients 
with RA and other chronic inflammatory diseases, particularly those with highly active disease 
and/or chronic exposure to immunosuppressant therapies, may be at a higher risk (up to several 
fold) than the general population for the development of lymphoma, even in the absence of TNF 
blockers. Post-marketing cases of acute and chronic leukemia have been reported in association 
with TNF-blocker use in RA and other indications. Even in the absence of TNF-blocker therapy, 
patients with RA may be at a higher risk (approximately 2-fold) than the general population for 
the development of leukemia. 
Malignancies in Pediatric Patients and Young Adults 
Malignancies, some fatal, have been reported among children, adolescents, and young adults 
who received treatment with TNF-blockers (initiation of therapy ≤ 18 years of age), of which 
HUMIRA is a member. Approximately half the cases were lymphomas, including Hodgkin's and 
non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. The other cases represented a variety of different malignancies and 
included rare malignancies usually associated with immunosuppression and malignancies that 
are not usually observed in children and adolescents. The malignancies occurred after a median 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 12 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of 30 months of therapy (range 1 to 84 months). Most of the patients were receiving concomitant 
immunosuppressants. These cases were reported post-marketing and are derived from a variety 
of sources including registries and spontaneous postmarketing reports. 
Postmarketing cases of hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma (HSTCL), a rare type of T-cell 
lymphoma, have been reported in patients treated with TNF blockers including HUMIRA. These 
cases have had a very aggressive disease course and have been fatal. The majority of reported 
TNF blocker cases have occurred in patients with Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis and the 
majority were in adolescent and young adult males. Almost all of these patients had received 
treatment with the immunosuppressants azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine (6–MP) concomitantly 
with a TNF blocker at or prior to diagnosis. It is uncertain whether the occurrence of HSTCL is 
related to use of a TNF blocker or a TNF blocker in combination with these other 
immunosuppressants. The potential risk with the combination of azathioprine or 6­
mercaptopurine and HUMIRA should be carefully considered. 
5.3 Hypersensitivity Reactions 
Anaphylaxis and angioneurotic edema have been reported following HUMIRA administration. If 
an anaphylactic or other serious allergic reaction occurs, immediately discontinue administration 
of HUMIRA and institute appropriate therapy. In clinical trials of HUMIRA, hypersensitivity 
reactions (e.g., rash, anaphylactoid reaction, fixed drug reaction, non-specified drug reaction, 
urticaria) have been observed. 
5.4 Hepatitis B Virus Reactivation 
Use of TNF blockers, including HUMIRA, may increase the risk of reactivation of hepatitis B 
virus (HBV) in patients who are chronic carriers of this virus. In some instances, HBV 
reactivation occurring in conjunction with TNF blocker therapy has been fatal. The majority of 
these reports have occurred in patients concomitantly receiving other medications that suppress 
the immune system, which may also contribute to HBV reactivation. Evaluate patients at risk for 
HBV infection for prior evidence of HBV infection before initiating TNF blocker therapy. 
Exercise caution in prescribing TNF blockers for patients identified as carriers of HBV. 
Adequate data are not available on the safety or efficacy of treating patients who are carriers of 
HBV with anti-viral therapy in conjunction with TNF blocker therapy to prevent HBV 
reactivation. For patients who are carriers of HBV and require treatment with TNF blockers, 
closely monitor such patients for clinical and laboratory signs of active HBV infection 
throughout therapy and for several months following termination of therapy. In patients who 
develop HBV reactivation, stop HUMIRA and initiate effective anti-viral therapy with 
appropriate supportive treatment. The safety of resuming TNF blocker therapy after HBV 
reactivation is controlled is not known. Therefore, exercise caution when considering resumption 
of HUMIRA therapy in this situation and monitor patients closely. 
5.5 Neurologic Reactions 
Use of TNF blocking agents, including HUMIRA, has been associated with rare cases of new 
onset or exacerbation of clinical symptoms and/or radiographic evidence of central nervous 
system demyelinating disease, including multiple sclerosis (MS) and optic neuritis, and 
peripheral demyelinating disease, including Guillain-Barré syndrome. Exercise caution in 
considering the use of HUMIRA in patients with preexisting or recent-onset central or peripheral 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
nervous system demyelinating disorders; discontinuation of HUMIRA should be considered if 
any of these disorders develop. There is a known association between intermediate uveitis and 
central demyelinating disorders. 
5.6 Hematological Reactions 
Rare reports of pancytopenia including aplastic anemia have been reported with TNF blocking 
agents. Adverse reactions of the hematologic system, including medically significant cytopenia 
(e.g., thrombocytopenia, leukopenia) have been infrequently reported with HUMIRA. The causal 
relationship of these reports to HUMIRA remains unclear. Advise all patients to seek immediate 
medical attention if they develop signs and symptoms suggestive of blood dyscrasias or infection 
(e.g., persistent fever, bruising, bleeding, pallor) while on HUMIRA. Consider discontinuation of 
HUMIRA therapy in patients with confirmed significant hematologic abnormalities. 
5.7 Increased Risk of Infection when Used with Anakinra 
Concurrent use of anakinra (an interleukin-1 antagonist) and another TNF-blocker, was 
associated with a greater proportion of serious infections and neutropenia and no added benefit 
compared with the TNF-blocker alone in patients with RA. Therefore, the combination of 
HUMIRA and anakinra is not recommended [see Drug Interactions (7.2)]. 
5.8 Heart Failure 
Cases of worsening congestive heart failure (CHF) and new onset CHF have been reported with 
TNF blockers. Cases of worsening CHF have also been observed with HUMIRA. HUMIRA has 
not been formally studied in patients with CHF; however, in clinical trials of another TNF 
blocker, a higher rate of serious CHF-related adverse reactions was observed. Exercise caution 
when using HUMIRA in patients who have heart failure and monitor them carefully. 
5.9 Autoimmunity 
Treatment with HUMIRA may result in the formation of autoantibodies and, rarely, in the 
development of a lupus-like syndrome. If a patient develops symptoms suggestive of a lupus-like 
syndrome following treatment with HUMIRA, discontinue treatment [see Adverse Reactions 
(6.1)]. 
5.10 Immunizations 
In a placebo-controlled clinical trial of patients with RA, no difference was detected in anti­
pneumococcal antibody response between HUMIRA and placebo treatment groups when the 
pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine and influenza vaccine were administered concurrently 
with HUMIRA. Similar proportions of patients developed protective levels of anti-influenza 
antibodies between HUMIRA and placebo treatment groups; however, titers in aggregate to 
influenza antigens were moderately lower in patients receiving HUMIRA. The clinical 
significance of this is unknown. Patients on HUMIRA may receive concurrent vaccinations, 
except for live vaccines. No data are available on the secondary transmission of infection by live 
vaccines in patients receiving HUMIRA. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 14 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
It is recommended that pediatric patients, if possible, be brought up to date with all 
immunizations in agreement with current immunization guidelines prior to initiating HUMIRA 
therapy. Patients on HUMIRA may receive concurrent vaccinations, except for live vaccines. 
The safety of administering live or live-attenuated vaccines in infants exposed to HUMIRA in 
utero is unknown. Risks and benefits should be considered prior to vaccinating (live or live-
attenuated) exposed infants [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1, 8.4)]. 
5.11 Increased Risk of Infection When Used with Abatacept 
In controlled trials, the concurrent administration of TNF-blockers and abatacept was associated 
with a greater proportion of serious infections than the use of a TNF-blocker alone; the 
combination therapy, compared to the use of a TNF-blocker alone, has not demonstrated 
improved clinical benefit in the treatment of RA. Therefore, the combination of abatacept with 
TNF-blockers including HUMIRA is not recommended [see Drug Interactions (7.2)]. 
6 ADVERSE REACTIONS 
The following clinically significant adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling: 
• Serious Infections [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1)] 
• Malignancies [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)] 
• Hypersensitivity Reactions [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3)] 
• Hepatitis B Virus Reactivation [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4)] 
• Neurologic Reactions [see Warnings and Precautions (5.5)] 
• Hematological Reactions [see Warnings and Precautions (5.6)] 
• Heart Failure [see Warnings and Precautions (5.8)] 
• Autoimmunity [see Warnings and Precautions (5.9)] 
6.1 Clinical Trials Experience 
Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates 
observed in the clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the clinical trials 
of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice. 
The most common adverse reaction with HUMIRA was injection site reactions. In placebo-
controlled trials, 20% of patients treated with HUMIRA developed injection site reactions 
(erythema and/or itching, hemorrhage, pain or swelling), compared to 14% of patients receiving 
placebo. Most injection site reactions were described as mild and generally did not necessitate 
drug discontinuation. 
The proportion of patients who discontinued treatment due to adverse reactions during the 
double-blind, placebo-controlled portion of studies in patients with RA (i.e., Studies RA-I, RA­
II, RA-III and RA-IV) was 7% for patients taking HUMIRA and 4% for placebo-treated patients. 
The most common adverse reactions leading to discontinuation of HUMIRA in these RA studies 
were clinical flare reaction (0.7%), rash (0.3%) and pneumonia (0.3%). 
Infections 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 15 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the controlled portions of the 39 global HUMIRA clinical trials in adult patients with RA, 
PsA, AS, CD, UC, Ps, HS and UV, the rate of serious infections was 4.3 per 100 patient-years in 
7973 HUMIRA-treated patients versus a rate of 2.9 per 100 patient-years in 4848 control-treated 
patients. Serious infections observed included pneumonia, septic arthritis, prosthetic and post-
surgical infections, erysipelas, cellulitis, diverticulitis, and pyelonephritis [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.1)]. 
Tuberculosis and Opportunistic Infections 
In 52 global controlled and uncontrolled clinical trials in RA, PsA, AS, CD, UC, Ps, HS and UV 
that included 24,605 HUMIRA-treated patients, the rate of reported active tuberculosis was 0.20 
per 100 patient-years and the rate of positive PPD conversion was 0.09 per 100 patient-years. In 
a subgroup of 10,113 U.S. and Canadian HUMIRA-treated patients, the rate of reported active 
TB was 0.05 per 100 patient-years and the rate of positive PPD conversion was 0.07 per 100 
patient-years. These trials included reports of miliary, lymphatic, peritoneal, and pulmonary TB. 
Most of the TB cases occurred within the first eight months after initiation of therapy and may 
reflect recrudescence of latent disease. In these global clinical trials, cases of serious 
opportunistic infections have been reported at an overall rate of 0.05 per 100 patient-years. Some 
cases of serious opportunistic infections and TB have been fatal [see Warnings and Precautions 
(5.1)]. 
Autoantibodies 
In the rheumatoid arthritis controlled trials, 12% of patients treated with HUMIRA and 7% of 
placebo-treated patients that had negative baseline ANA titers developed positive titers at week 
24. Two patients out of 3046 treated with HUMIRA developed clinical signs suggestive of new-
onset lupus-like syndrome. The patients improved following discontinuation of therapy. No 
patients developed lupus nephritis or central nervous system symptoms. The impact of long-term 
treatment with HUMIRA on the development of autoimmune diseases is unknown. 
Liver Enzyme Elevations 
There have been reports of severe hepatic reactions including acute liver failure in patients 
receiving TNF-blockers. In controlled Phase 3 trials of HUMIRA (40 mg SC every other week) 
in patients with RA, PsA, and AS with control period duration ranging from 4 to 104 weeks, 
ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN occurred in 3.5% of HUMIRA-treated patients and 1.5% of control-
treated patients. Since many of these patients in these trials were also taking medications that 
cause liver enzyme elevations (e.g., NSAIDS, MTX), the relationship between HUMIRA and the 
liver enzyme elevations is not clear. In a controlled Phase 3 trial of HUMIRA in patients with 
polyarticular JIA who were 4 to 17 years, ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN occurred in 4.4% of 
HUMIRA-treated patients and 1.5% of control-treated patients (ALT more common than AST); 
liver enzyme test elevations were more frequent among those treated with the combination of 
HUMIRA and MTX than those treated with HUMIRA alone. In general, these elevations did not 
lead to discontinuation of HUMIRA treatment. No ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN occurred in the 
open-label study of HUMIRA in patients with polyarticular JIA who were 2 to <4 years. 
In controlled Phase 3 trials of HUMIRA (initial doses of 160 mg and 80 mg, or 80 mg and 40 mg 
on Days 1 and 15, respectively, followed by 40 mg every other week) in adult patients with 
Crohn’s Disease with a control period duration ranging from 4 to 52 weeks, ALT elevations ≥ 3 
x ULN occurred in 0.9% of HUMIRA-treated patients and 0.9% of control-treated patients. In 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 16 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Phase 3 trial of HUMIRA in pediatric patients with Crohn’s disease which evaluated efficacy 
and safety of two body weight based maintenance dose regimens following body weight based 
induction therapy up to 52 weeks of treatment, ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN occurred in 2.6% 
(5/192) of patients, of whom 4 were receiving concomitant immunosuppressants at baseline; 
none of these patients discontinued due to abnormalities in ALT tests. In controlled Phase 3 trials 
of HUMIRA (initial doses of 160 mg and 80 mg on Days 1 and 15 respectively, followed by 40 
mg every other week) in adult patients with UC with control period duration ranging from 1 to 
52 weeks, ALT elevations ≥3 x ULN occurred in 1.5% of HUMIRA-treated patients and 1.0% of 
control-treated patients. In the controlled Phase 3 trial of HUMIRA in patients with pediatric 
ulcerative colitis (N=93), which evaluated efficacy and safety of a maintenance dose of 0.6 
mg/kg (maximum of 40 mg) every other week (N=31) and a maintenance dose of 0.6 mg/kg 
(maximum of 40 mg) every week (N=32), following body weight based induction doses of 2.4 
mg/kg (maximum of 160 mg) at Week 0 and Week 1, and 1.2 mg/kg (maximum of 80 mg) at 
Week 2 (N=63), or an induction dose of 2.4 mg/kg (maximum of 160 mg) at Week 0, placebo at 
Week 1, and 1.2 mg/kg (maximum of 80 mg) at Week 2 (N=30), ALT elevations ≥ 3 X ULN 
occurred in 1.1% (1/93) of patients. In controlled Phase 3 trials of HUMIRA (initial dose of 80 
mg then 40 mg every other week) in patients with Ps with control period duration ranging from 
12 to 24 weeks, ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN occurred in 1.8% of HUMIRA-treated patients and 
1.8% of control-treated patients. In controlled trials of HUMIRA (initial doses of 160 mg at 
Week 0 and 80 mg at Week 2, followed by 40 mg every week starting at Week 4), in subjects 
with HS with a control period duration ranging from 12 to 16 weeks, ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN 
occurred in 0.3% of HUMIRA-treated subjects and 0.6% of control-treated subjects. In 
controlled trials of HUMIRA (initial doses of 80 mg at Week 0 followed by 40 mg every other 
week starting at Week 1) in adult patients with uveitis with an exposure of 165.4 PYs and 119.8 
PYs in HUMIRA-treated and control-treated patients, respectively, ALT elevations ≥ 3 x ULN 
occurred in 2.4% of HUMIRA-treated patients and 2.4% of control-treated patients. 
Other Adverse Reactions 
Rheumatoid Arthritis Clinical Studies 
The data described below reflect exposure to HUMIRA in 2468 patients, including 2073 exposed 
for 6 months, 1497 exposed for greater than one year and 1380 in adequate and well-controlled 
studies (Studies RA-I, RA-II, RA-III, and RA-IV). HUMIRA was studied primarily in placebo-
controlled trials and in long-term follow up studies for up to 36 months duration. The population 
had a mean age of 54 years, 77% were female, 91% were Caucasian and had moderately to 
severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Most patients received 40 mg HUMIRA every other week 
[see Clinical Studies (14.1)]. 
Table 1 summarizes reactions reported at a rate of at least 5% in patients treated with HUMIRA 
40 mg every other week compared to placebo and with an incidence higher than placebo. In 
Study RA-III, the types and frequencies of adverse reactions in the second year open-label 
extension were similar to those observed in the one-year double-blind portion. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 17 ---
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
     
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table 1. Adverse Reactions Reported by ≥5% of Patients Treated with HUMIRA During 
Placebo-Controlled Period of Pooled RA Studies (Studies RA-I, RA-II, RA-III, and RA-IV) 
HUMIRA 
40 mg subcutaneous 
Every Other Week 
Placebo 
(N=705) 
(N=690) 
Adverse Reaction (Preferred Term) 
Respiratory 
Upper respiratory infection 
17% 
13% 
Sinusitis 
11% 
9% 
Flu syndrome 
7% 
6% 
Gastrointestinal 
Nausea 
9% 
8% 
Abdominal pain 
7% 
4% 
Laboratory Tests* 
Laboratory test abnormal 
8% 
7% 
Hypercholesterolemia 
6% 
4% 
Hyperlipidemia 
7% 
5% 
Hematuria 
5% 
4% 
Alkaline phosphatase increased 
5% 
3% 
Other 
Headache 
12% 
8% 
Rash 
12% 
6% 
Accidental injury 
10% 
8% 
Injection site reaction ** 
8% 
1% 
Back pain 
6% 
4% 
Urinary tract infection 
8% 
5% 
Hypertension 
5% 
3% 
* Laboratory test abnormalities were reported as adverse reactions in European trials 
** Does not include injection site erythema, itching, hemorrhage, pain or swelling 
Less Common Adverse Reactions in Rheumatoid Arthritis Clinical Studies 
Other infrequent serious adverse reactions that do not appear in the Warnings and Precautions or 
Adverse Reaction sections that occurred at an incidence of less than 5% in HUMIRA-treated 
patients in RA studies were: 
Body As A Whole: Pain in extremity, pelvic pain, surgery, thorax pain 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 18 ---
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cardiovascular System: Arrhythmia, atrial fibrillation, chest pain, coronary artery disorder, heart 
arrest, hypertensive encephalopathy, myocardial infarct, palpitation, pericardial effusion, 
pericarditis, syncope, tachycardia 
Digestive System: Cholecystitis, cholelithiasis, esophagitis, gastroenteritis, gastrointestinal 
hemorrhage, hepatic necrosis, vomiting 
Endocrine System: Parathyroid disorder 
Hemic And Lymphatic System: Agranulocytosis, polycythemia 
Metabolic And Nutritional Disorders: Dehydration, healing abnormal, ketosis, paraproteinemia, 
peripheral edema 
Musculo-Skeletal System: Arthritis, bone disorder, bone fracture (not spontaneous), bone 
necrosis, joint disorder, muscle cramps, myasthenia, pyogenic arthritis, synovitis, tendon 
disorder 
Neoplasia: Adenoma 
Nervous System: Confusion, paresthesia, subdural hematoma, tremor 
Respiratory System: Asthma, bronchospasm, dyspnea, lung function decreased, pleural effusion 
Special Senses: Cataract 
Thrombosis: Thrombosis leg 
Urogenital System: Cystitis, kidney calculus, menstrual disorder 
Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Clinical Studies 
In general, the adverse reactions in the HUMIRA-treated patients in the polyarticular juvenile 
idiopathic arthritis (JIA) trials (Studies JIA-I and JIA-II) [see Clinical Studies (14.2)] were 
similar in frequency and type to those seen in adult patients [see Warnings and Precautions (5), 
Adverse Reactions (6)]. Important findings and differences from adults are discussed in the 
following paragraphs. 
In Study JIA-I, HUMIRA was studied in 171 patients who were 4 to 17 years of age, with 
polyarticular JIA. Severe adverse reactions reported in the study included neutropenia, 
streptococcal pharyngitis, increased aminotransferases, herpes zoster, myositis, metrorrhagia, 
and appendicitis. Serious infections were observed in 4% of patients within approximately 2 
years of initiation of treatment with HUMIRA and included cases of herpes simplex, pneumonia, 
urinary tract infection, pharyngitis, and herpes zoster. 
In Study JIA-I, 45% of patients experienced an infection while receiving HUMIRA with or 
without concomitant MTX in the first 16 weeks of treatment. The types of infections reported in 
HUMIRA-treated patients were generally similar to those commonly seen in polyarticular JIA 
patients who are not treated with TNF blockers. Upon initiation of treatment, the most common 
adverse reactions occurring in this patient population treated with HUMIRA were injection site 
pain and injection site reaction (19% and 16%, respectively). A less commonly reported adverse 
event in patients receiving HUMIRA was granuloma annulare which did not lead to 
discontinuation of HUMIRA treatment. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 19 ---
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
In the first 48 weeks of treatment in Study JIA-I, non-serious hypersensitivity reactions were 
seen in approximately 6% of patients and included primarily localized allergic hypersensitivity 
reactions and allergic rash. 
In Study JIA-I, 10% of patients treated with HUMIRA who had negative baseline anti-dsDNA 
antibodies developed positive titers after 48 weeks of treatment. No patient developed clinical 
signs of autoimmunity during the clinical trial. 
Approximately 15% of patients treated with HUMIRA developed mild-to-moderate elevations of 
creatine phosphokinase (CPK) in Study JIA-I. Elevations exceeding 5 times the upper limit of 
normal were observed in several patients. CPK concentrations decreased or returned to normal in 
all patients. Most patients were able to continue HUMIRA without interruption. 
In Study JIA-II, HUMIRA was studied in 32 patients who were 2 to <4 years of age or 4 years of 
age and older weighing <15 kg with polyarticular JIA. The safety profile for this patient 
population was similar to the safety profile seen in patients 4 to 17 years of age with 
polyarticular JIA. 
In Study JIA-II, 78% of patients experienced an infection while receiving HUMIRA. These 
included nasopharyngitis, bronchitis, upper respiratory tract infection, otitis media, and were 
mostly mild to moderate in severity. Serious infections were observed in 9% of patients 
receiving HUMIRA in the study and included dental caries, rotavirus gastroenteritis, and 
varicella. 
In Study JIA-II, non-serious allergic reactions were observed in 6% of patients and included 
intermittent urticaria and rash, which were all mild in severity. 
Psoriatic Arthritis and Ankylosing Spondylitis Clinical Studies 
HUMIRA has been studied in 395 patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in two placebo-
controlled trials and in an open label study and in 393 patients with ankylosing spondylitis (AS) 
in two placebo-controlled studies [see Clinical Studies (14.3, 14.4)]. The safety profile for 
patients with PsA and AS treated with HUMIRA 40 mg every other week was similar to the 
safety profile seen in patients with RA, HUMIRA Studies RA-I through IV. 
Crohn’s Disease Clinical Studies 
Adults: The safety profile of HUMIRA in 1478 adult patients with Crohn’s disease from four 
placebo-controlled and two open-label extension studies [see Clinical Studies (14.5)] was similar 
to the safety profile seen in patients with RA. 
Pediatric Patients 6 Years to 17 Years:  The safety profile of HUMIRA in 192 pediatric patients 
from one double-blind study (Study PCD-I) and one open-label extension study [see Clinical 
Studies (14.6)] was similar to the safety profile seen in adult patients with Crohn’s disease. 
During the 4-week open label induction phase of Study PCD-I, the most common adverse 
reactions occurring in the pediatric population treated with HUMIRA were injection site pain 
and injection site reaction (6% and 5%, respectively). 
A total of 67% of children experienced an infection while receiving HUMIRA in Study PCD-I. 
These included upper respiratory tract infection and nasopharyngitis. 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda

--- PAGE 20 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A total of 5% of children experienced a serious infection while receiving HUMIRA in Study 
PCD-I. These included viral infection, device related sepsis (catheter), gastroenteritis, H1N1 
influenza, and disseminated histoplasmosis. 
In Study PCD-I, allergic reactions were observed in 5% of children which were all non-serious 
and were primarily localized reactions. 
Ulcerative Colitis Clinical Studies 
Adults: The safety profile of HUMIRA in 1010 adult patients with ulcerative colitis (UC) from 
two placebo-controlled studies and one open-label extension study [see Clinical Studies (14.7)] 
was similar to the safety profile seen in patients with RA. 
Pediatric Patients 5 Years to 17 Years: The safety profile of HUMIRA in 93 pediatric patients 
with ulcerative colitis from one double-blind study and one open-label extension study [see 
Clinical Studies (14.8)] was similar to the safety profile seen in adult patients with ulcerative 
colitis. 
Plaque Psoriasis Clinical Studies 
HUMIRA has been studied in 1696 subjects with plaque psoriasis (Ps) in placebo-controlled and 
open-label extension studies [see Clinical Studies (14.9)]. The safety profile for subjects with Ps 
treated with HUMIRA was similar to the safety profile seen in subjects with RA with the 
following exceptions. In the placebo-controlled portions of the clinical trials in Ps subjects, 
HUMIRA-treated subjects had a higher incidence of arthralgia when compared to controls (3% 
vs. 1%). 
Hidradenitis Suppurativa Clinical Studies 
HUMIRA has been studied in 727 subjects with hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) in three placebo-
controlled studies and one open-label extension study [see Clinical Studies (14.10)]. The safety 
profile for subjects with HS treated with HUMIRA weekly was consistent with the known safety 
profile of HUMIRA. 
Flare of HS, defined as ≥25% increase from baseline in abscesses and inflammatory nodule 
counts and with a minimum of 2 additional lesions, was documented in 22 (22%) of the 100 
subjects who were withdrawn from HUMIRA treatment following the primary efficacy 
timepoint in two studies. 
Uveitis Clinical Studies 
HUMIRA has been studied in 464 adult patients with uveitis (UV) in placebo-controlled and 
open-label extension studies and in 90 pediatric patients with uveitis (Study PUV-I) [see Clinical 
Studies (14.11, 14.12)] . The safety profile for patients with UV treated with HUMIRA was 
similar to the safety profile seen in patients with RA. 
6.2 Immunogenicity 
As with all therapeutic proteins, there is potential for immunogenicity. The detection of antibody 
formation is highly dependent on the sensitivity and specificity of the assay. Additionally, the 
observed incidence of antibody (including neutralizing antibody) positivity in an assay may be 
influenced by several factors including assay methodology, sample handling, timing of sample 
Reference ID: 4751984 
This label may not be the latest approved by FDA.  
For current labeling information, please visit https://www.fda.gov/drugsatfda
